:bug: fix operator-sdk generate kustomize manifests to respect changes made by users in the config/manifests (#5960)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/faqs/_index.md

If neither of those solutions work for you, please [open an issue][open-issue]

> ## After update my project to use a Kustomize 4.x version the make bundle does not properly work

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
## After updating my project to use a Kustomize 4.x version, 'make bundle' does not work
```

**Valid only for Golang/Hybrid projects using webhooks**

> `Error: remove operation does not apply:doc is missing path: "/spec/template/spec/containers/1/volumeMounts/0": missing value` 

The error occurs because with the upper Kustomize version the containers used in the Deployment spec of your CSV

> are no longer added at the same order. To sort it out you can update replace the target `/spec/template/spec/containers/1/volumeMounts/0`

Author: I think replace is better because it makes clear the instruction as we do in the migration guides.
